Extract Block Transforms into its own handbook page (#21734)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/block-api/block-transforms.md

A transformation of type `raw` is an object that takes the following parameters:

- **type** _(string)_: the value `raw`.
- **transform** _(function, optional)_: a callback that receives the node being processed. It should return a block object or an array of block objects.
- **schema** _(object|function, optional)_: it defines the attributes and children of the node that will be preserved on paste, according to its [HTML content model](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dom.html#content-models). Take a look at [pasteHandler](/packages/blocks/README.md#pasteHandler) for more info.
- **selector** _(string, optional)_: a CSS selector string to determine whether the element matches according to the [element.matches](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/matches) method. The transform won't be executed if the element doesn't match. This is a shorthand and alternative to using `isMatch`, which, if present, will take precedence.

> - **isMatch** _(function, optional)_: a callback that receives the node being processed and should return a boolean. Returning `false` from this function will prevent the transform from being applieddisplayed as an option to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **isMatch** _(function, optional)_: a callback that receives the node being processed and should return a boolean. Returning `false` from this function will prevent the transform from being applied displayed as an option to the user.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed at https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/21734/commits/331bb987369155a14559cfb640d1514425adad8c together with other `isMatch` fixes that suffered much from copy/pasting!
